Remove feedback survey from README (#1600)
cli/cli: README.md

While in beta, GitHub CLI is available for repos hosted on GitHub.com only. It currently does not support repositories hosted on GitHub Enterprise Server or other hosting providers. We are planning on adding support for GitHub Enterprise Server after GitHub CLI is out of beta (likely towards the end of 2020), and we want to ensure that the API endpoints we use are more widely available for GHES versions that most GitHub customers are on.

> ## Feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## We want your feedback
```

> We love to hear feedback about `gh`. If you spot bugs or have features that you'd really like to see in `gh`, please check out the [contributing page][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'd love to hear your feedback about `gh`. If you spot bugs or have features that you'd really like to see in `gh`, please check out the [contributing page][].
```

> We love to hear feedback about `gh`. If you spot bugs or have features that you'd really like to see in `gh`, please check out the [contributing page][].

Reviewer: Should we just link straight to the "open an issue" page here? Maybe something like "...please open an issue and check out the contributing page"?

Author: I like that idea 👍

> We'd love to hear your feedback about `gh`. If you spot bugs or have features that you'd really like to see in `gh`, please open an [issue][] and check out the [contributing page][].

Reviewer 2: 1. Nit: could the whole phrase “open an issue” be a link so that the verb is included in the clickable area? I feel like whole phrases are a much better call to action in general than just nouns.
2. Does it make sense to tell someone to check out the contributing page after we've already told them to open an issue? I'm thinking this because the contributing page will also instruct people to open an issue, so in the end, we're just telling them twice to open an issue.
3. We're getting lots of of duplicate bug reports/feature requests in a week. Instead of instructing people to open a new issue right away, could we link them to the list of open bugs/feature requests and instruct people to look for existing ones first, and then choose the “new issue” button if they don't find it? I think something like this might help lower the duplicate issue count.

Reviewer: @mislav I like that idea. We could add that instruction to `CONTRIBUTING.md` and go back to just linking there first?

### Build from source

See here on how to [build GitHub CLI from source][].

[official docs]: https://cli.github.com/manual
[scoop]: https://scoop.sh
[Chocolatey]: https://chocolatey.org
[releases page]: https://github.com/cli/cli/releases/latest
[hub]: https://github.com/github/hub
[contributing page]: https://github.com/cli/cli/blob/trunk/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
[issue]: https://github.com/cli/cli/issues/new/choose
[more detailed explanation]: /docs/gh-vs-hub.md

> [community repo]: https://www.archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/github-cli/

Reviewer 2: Nit: I'm not sure if the phrases `more detailed explanation` and `community repo` are really clear when viewed out of context in this link section. Could we use a more descriptive markdown link alias here, perhaps `gh-vs-hub` instead of `more detailed explanation` and `arch linux repo` instead of `community repo`? The link text visible to users can stay the same.
